FIX: Reorder some incongruent steps, move sound, light and ventilation (#116)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/data-collection/participant-prep.md

- [ ] Cut a long strip of medical auto-adhesive band and stick it at each side of the lower block of the head coil, across the participant's forehead and stick it to the participant's forehead. Indicate the participant that this band will tell them when they moved and help them recover the original position.
- [ ] Place the top block of the coil and check that the participants' front touches or is really close to the coil. Now the nose can also be a bit far from the coil. Tell the participant to relax the neck, so the nose should go a bit up and touch the coil.
- [ ] Connect the coil's cable to the corresponding socket on the table.
- [ ] Check that both the posterior and anterior parts of the head-and-neck coil are now detected by the scanner.
    To do so, ensure their names ("Head Neck 64 Posterior", and "Head Neck 64 Anterior", respectively) appear on the scanner's monitor screen.
- [ ] Place rectangular paddings at each side of the chest and help the participant accommodate their elbows on them.

> - [ ] Cover them with a blanket if necessary, and remind them of not cloosing loops with their body:

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Cover them with a blanket if necessary, and remind them of not closing loops with their body:
```

    ![send_isocenter](../assets/images/send_isocenter.png)

> - [ ] Once the subject is lying on the MR bed, check that no arms/legs lie on the GA or the RB tubes.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Once the participant is lying on the scanner bed, check that no arms/legs rest on the GA or the RB tubes and may block them.
```

> - [ ] Before continuing with the set up, make sure all cables and tubes leave the scanner's bed *perpendicularly*.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Before continuing with the setup, make sure all cables and tubes leave the scanner's bed *perpendicularly* and lie on the floor.
```

> - [ ] Before continuing with the setup, make sure all cables and tubes leave the scanner's bed *perpendicularly* and lie on the floor.

Author: @celprov @esavary I kind or recall this is important? @smoia mentioned that the tubes should go on the floor, but I believe the ECG cable is better perpendicular to the bed to reduce artifacts, is that correct?
```suggestion
- [ ] Before continuing with the setup, make sure all cables and tubes leave the scanner's bed *perpendicularly* and lie on the floor.
    Tape them to the floor so that they don't move accidentally.
```

Author: Also - we should probably stick them to the floor with tape right? (added in my last commit)

Reviewer: @oesteban I only remember the importance of the tube laying on the floor, and I don't remember the mention of taping the cables to the floor, but I never participated in a session with Stefano, so it is likely inaccurate.

Author: I'm referring to ensuring the ECG cable goes out of the room perpendicularly to the bed. Taping them is just something I believe would help make sure nothing moves

Author: Let's discuss this in #117.
